# Step 1:  Develop the P-NP model to classify tweets into political and non-political tweets ###
- Augment the existing training dataset initially adopted from the Twitter Political Corpus (Marchetti-Bowick & Chambers, 2012) with other Kaggle datasets (Axelbrooke, 2017; Lolayekar, 2019) for the less represented categories for the non-political tweets.
- Fine-tune pre-trained BERT model for the political and nonpolitical classification
----------
# Step 2:  Use the model from Step 1 to find the "most" political context from the user's posting history ###
- Collect the user posting history (last 200 tweets).
- Apply the P-NP model on the user tweets to find the top 10 most political tweets
- Concatenate these tweets together to form the user posting history
----------
# Step 3:  Fine-tune BERT using the user profile feature and most political context features for the task of ideology prediction ###
- Create a custom training dataset ( seeded from Preoţiuc-Pietro et al. (2017) and with added user description and user context). User context is generated by applying step2 to the user posting history.
- Fine-tune the pre-trained BERT model for the ideology classification 
----------
# Step 4:  Predict using the trained model from Step 3 ###
- Collect the CSA Data using Sctweet
- Augment the CSA Data with the most political user context for each user (step 2) and the user description of the user. 
- Use the trained model from Step 3 to predict the political ideology. 
- Use XLM-Roberta to predict the sentiment based on the Embedded tweet. 
----------
